OCPBUGS-42627:updates UDN annotation details (#82764)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-udn-additional-config-details.adoc

//module included in the following assembly:
//
// *networking/multiple_networks/understanding-user-defined-networks.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="nw-udn-additional-config-details_{context}"]
== Additional configuration details for a UserDefinedNetworks CR

The following table explains additional configurations for UDN that are optional. It is not recommended to set these fields without explicit need and understanding of OVN-Kubernetes network topology.

.`UserDefinedNetworks` optional configurations
[cols="1,1,7", options="header"]
|====

|Field|Type|Description

|`spec.joinSubnets`
|object
|When omitted, the platform sets default values for the `joinSubnets` field of `100.65.0.0/16` for IPv4 and  `fd99::/64` for IPv6. If the default address values are used anywhere in the cluster's network you must override it by setting the `joinSubnets` field. If you choose to set this field, ensure it does not conflict with other subnets in the cluster such as the cluster subnet, the `default` network cluster subnet, and the masquerade subnet.

> The `joinSubnets` field configures the routing between different segments within the Layer 2 network. Dual-stack clusters can set 2 subnets, one for each IP family; otherwise, only 1 subnet is allowed. This field is only allowed for the `Primary` network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `joinSubnets` field configures the routing between different segments within the Layer 2 network. 
```
why only layer2? we use it for layer3 as well

Author: I think this is just a copy and paste error from moving the information from a note to a table. I'll remove it.

> The `joinSubnets` field configures the routing between different segments within Layer 2 and Layer 3 networks. Dual-stack clusters can set 2 subnets, one for each IP family; otherwise, only 1 subnet is allowed. This field is only allowed for the `Primary` network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `joinSubnets` field configures the routing between different segments within a UDN network. Dual-stack clusters can set 2 subnets, one for each IP family; otherwise, only 1 subnet is allowed. This field is only allowed for the `Primary` network.
```
